Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Now. you two have
done good so far.
So. keep calm.
keep breathing right.
It's almost over.
- What are they saying now?
- Shut up.
You shouldn't talk to your wife
that way. She's been through a lot.
- Listen here!
- No. you listen.
You listen and do exactly
what the fuck I tell you to do
or this ends real bad.
Do you see that desk behind you?
Put your fancy fucking
suitcase on that desk.
Not until I see my son.
All right.
They're loading
up a car up above.
your kid's in that car.
Put the case on the
desk and open it up.
Oh. oh. oh. okay. Hold on.
I'm here.
We're gonna give you a look.
You see the kid. you
run down the street.
Get the kid off the
car. don't look back.
and never say a word about it.
He's on the car.
Charlie's on the car.
Do we understand each other?
- Yes. yes.
- Please. Please don't hurt him.
Here it comes.
Charlie!
Let's go. let's go!
- Excuse me.
- Move. move.
Excuse me.
Oh. Charlie boy. Charlie boy.
Jesus.
Oh. you're such a brave boy.
You're not crying.
Matthew. Matthew.
Yes.
What's wrong?
What's wrong with him?
Charlie!
Jesus Christ!
Help! Help!
Jesus!
Help!
Okay. Mason. here's one for you.
Are you being cheated
out of life's thrills?
Probably.
Love. romance. excitement?
Never heard of them.
Mayhaps you should
read Lipstick Girl
by Edna Robb Webster.
Never heard of her.
Hey. what do you
know? It begins today.
Forty cents. for two
coffees and toast?
How many gallons do
you throw in the truck?
- Six.
- Six gallons?
Three days of meals.
another two days of gas.
Oh. yeah. Here we go.
Chapter one.
"The Pappe & Son
Department Store.
the largest mercantile
establishment in Mitchelfield
- was arousing itself noise..."
- S.S. Chubby's setting sail.
- Hey. Come on.
- Say goodbye to Edna.
Get out in front of him.
I'll follow from behind.
- Lot of behind to follow.
- Go.
You're kidding me.
We get to go to the movies.
Hey!
Cut it out now.
Fucking horse
kicking him in the ass.
how do you not
find that hilarious?
I grew up on a farm.
Steering's all loose.
- What'd you do to it?
- I didn't do anything.
You know. maybe Chubby's
keeping it clean 'cause he's seen
this milk truck following
him around town.
If you don't have a
car. don't complain.
Not my fault. Ruthie
broke the axle.
Another complaint.
Just 'cause the guy
has a high-pitched voice.
that's no reason to rob
a guy of his livelihood.
He brought a lot of
joy to a lot of people.
Well. he's not bringing me any.
Three days waiting for him
to stick his dick in something.
Studio signs him to a
contract. they should honor it.
Who cares what he
does with his pants off?
Walt LeBaron cares. that's who.
He's the one who's paying you.
Morals clause. shmorals clause.
Whole town needs
a shot in the dick.
Hey. heading right.
Hey.
Hi. Chubby.
Well. hello. Red.
Oh. wow.
Here we go.
Hey. how about I have a
look? You stay in the truck?
Sure.
You know. that's your problem.
You get no pleasure out of life.
- Shut up.
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Pete. start the truck!
Pete. start the car!
Son of a bitch!
I'll get you. you prick!
You sons of bitches!
I'm going to kill you.
you cocksuckers.
Oh. yeah!
Chubby. you glorious bastard!
He threw a shoe at me.
I'm your biggest fan!
Evening. Rigoberto.
Can you open the gate?
I can if you say it.
Something about a clown.
Does it have to be in Spanish?
This whole place
used to be Spanish.
Shit.
What are you doing?
Trying to get yourself killed?
You want some breakfast?
Here. get up. get up.
Good girl. Good girl. Good girl.
Eat your hay.
Stay off the runway.
Come on.
Now. stay.
Not you.
They don't want
me around either.
I'd have said it was over
when the talkies came.
But clearly.
the man still has a
lot to offer the world.
How did you get in here?
"The clown carries you."
He just... he just gave
you the password?
Well. I'm a very
persuasive lawyer.
- You forget that sometimes.
- Yup.
I try and forget
a lot of things.
At some point. you got to
admit this isn't working out.
What do you mean?
Let me speak for the dead
and say your parents
didn't want this for you.
The farm's still here.
You got pans on their bed.
What do you want. E.B.?
Herman Baggerly
called me last night.
I called you. you don't answer.
Who's Herman Baggerly?
Major player. boyo.
Lumber. real estate.
one of the fattest bank
accounts in the city.
What's he doing with you. then?
I've helped him in the past.
Certain business matters.
which require
discretion and finesse.
Yeah. 20 bucks a billable hour?
Well. a man has to eat.
And I'd say we
both understand that.
And you need me why. E.B.?
Because some friend
of his is in trouble.
the police are involved
and you're good at your job.
3:00 p.m. at my office.
I don't know. I got
a lot going on today.
The Chubby thing.
and I'm due in court.
I'm getting paid to serve
as a material witness.
That Frank Dillon case.
Deep pockets on Baggerly.
- Opportunity for both of us.
- Yeah? Is he looking to buy
a two-cow dairy in the
middle of an airport?
You're really thinking to sell?
I haven't seen you in...
three months. E.B.
Well. it's been
quiet out there. boyo.
I don't deny it.
But this is a live one.
3:00 p.m.. wear your good suit.
This is my good suit.
And there's egg on your tie.
Oh. boy.
Yeah. that's him all right.
No question of
moral relativity here.
I mean. that's...
that's food.
- Pumpkin pie. I'm pretty sure.
- I blame his agent.
I mean. I got nothing
against the guy myself.
you understand. but...
I'm not here to judge
anyone. Mr. LeBaron.
I just wanna get paid.
Ah! I will have someone
cut you a check.
Business affairs. please. Mitch.
What did we say. 200?
We did say that. Of
course. that was for pictures
of Chubby Carmichael but.
these happen to be
pictures of. Velma Fuller.
or should I call her "Red"?
Business affairs.
Hello? Hello...
Okay.
How much did you have in mind?
Five hundred seems fair.
- Don't be ridiculous.
- Fine. make it six.
- that's serious...
- You got some fucking nerve.
Nerve and these
nasty. nasty pictures
of your up-and-coming starlet.
Okay.
I'm gonna have to walk
this up to Mr. Hammersmith.
Be sure to send him my regards.
Mason...
you've got an egg
stain on your tie.
Yeah. turns out it's mustard.
- How was your Christmas?
- Yeah. it came and went.
My wife's folks
came by on the day.
Her mom brought a fruitcake. could
have been used by the pharaohs.
Kids cried when I
made them eat it.
You got a kid. right?
Yeah. lives with his mom.
Well. you spent
Christmas with him. right?
- No.
- Well. how come?
Are you. lonely or
something. Virgil?
He went out happy.
Well. if happy's drowning in
panties and a matching bra.
yeah. why not?
He was wearing man
clothes on the outside.
What's with that?
Oh. my next patient.
Kidnapping gone way wrong.
Worst thing you ever seen.
What do you know what I've seen?
How's this?
I like it better than the suit.
I got a domestic stabbing
with a three piece. if you want.
Mr. Mason. in what capacity
were you hired by the defense?
I was hired as a
private investigator.
And is that. these
private investigations.
the current means by
which you earn a living?
You know it is. Fenton.
Pardon me. Yes. Mr. Bostwick.
Now. am I correct in asserting
were recently cited for assault?
- Mr. Mason.
- I'm sorry. What?
A complaint for assault.
This is irrelevant. Your Honor.
I'm sure that you
resent this line...
No. what I resent is Alvin
Rutherford showing up repeatedly
and offering me pennies
on the dollar for a home
my father built
with his own hands.
Tragic. Mr. Mason. but assault?
I threw a cow pie at him.
That's funny.
However. far less amusing
is the dishonorable end
to your military career.
That has nothing
to do with this trial.
A blue discharge for
conduct unbecoming.
Would you care to
elaborate on that. Mr. Mason?
- Was that a mistake?
- Feel free to jump in. Frank.
Objection.
- Question of relevance.
- You're goddamn right.
Sustained.
- Watch the God talk. sir.
- Sorry.
Nothing further. Your Honor.
E.B. send you 'cause he thought
I forgot the way to the office?
The meeting's changed.
We're going to Pasadena now.
We are? Fine. we
can take my truck.
We could if the plan was to
make the world's worst impression.
Oh. I don't have to plan for
that. That happens naturally.
I'll say. you were just four
words from contempt of court.
Go fuck yourself. I
could have got that in.
Thus demonstrating
your masterful knowledge
- of legal decorum.
- Frank Dillon is sitting there
like a monument to the useless
and the judge is concerned
with my decorum? Why
didn't he hold him in contempt?
Because I sure as hell did.
Letting him dig
into me like that.
A fucking peanut vendor
would have known to object.
So many windmills.
so little time.
How are you today. Miss Street?
Peachy.
How are you. Mr. Mason?
I wasn't expecting
a congregation.
I rely on Miss Street
to keep the facts
straight. Herman.
Do you intend to
take notes. miss?
That's generally what I do.
Unless you object.
And you're a
detective. Mr. Mason?
It's a fancy word for
a busybody. but yes.
We've been working
together since... when was it?
Just after the war.
Gave him his first
job back from France.
- isn't that right. Perry?
- You served overseas?
With lots of other farm boys.
Mr. Mason was in the army.
survived the Battle
of the Argonne.
How can we help
you. Mr. Baggerly?
It's not me that needs
help. Mr. Mason.
Matthew and Emily Dodson.
an unspeakable act...
was visited upon them.
they're quite overwhelmed.
Consider us at their service.
Friends of yours?
Members of my church.
Working people
without many resources.
Well. God has put
you in their path.
Is this a...
Radiant Assembly of God.
Right. On the radio.
Sister Alice.
A woman of wonder-working power.
I won't hesitate to say
that she changed my life.
Do the Dodsons know
you contacted me. Herman?
They're anxiously awaiting
your guidance. Elias.
What about the police?
How's that?
Well. they'll be on
this hammer and tongs.
Why not leave it to them?
I'll be frank. Mr. Mason.
I don't trust the Los
Angeles Police Department
to do the job that's needed.
Neither would I.
So you found this upstairs?
I told you. my wife did.
- I was at work.
- And she called you?
Yeah. Hysterical.
Why'd neither one
of you call the police?
Read the note.
You can read. can't you?
So your wife finds the note.
calls you. what she do next?
How should I know? Ask her.
We'll get to her in a minute.
You own a grocery store.
much money in that?
What?
Nice house for a grocer. It
can't be cheap to maintain.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- How long does it take to get
- from the grocery store to here?
- What difference does it make?
- Easy. Matthew.
- How... Are you suggesting
I had something to do with it?
- What the hell?
- Just covering all angles. Mr. Dodson.
Where was I? Who saw
me? I didn't kidnap my son.
- I didn't murder my own son.
- No one is saying
- you did.
- Well. he is!
He's dancing around. but
that's what he fucking thinks.
Maybe this is a good
time for a little break.
Sound okay to you.
Detective Holcomb?
Yeah. Why not?
Get some fresh air.
It's all right. You treated
me like... you can't...
- you can't just walk...
- Easy now. Matthew.
Let's have a little drink
of cold water. shall we?
Water. Right. great
idea. That'll fix everything.
This is all part of the process.
Are you kidding? Look out
there. it's a goddamn zoo.
Are you the man that
works with Mr. Jonathan?
Yes. ma'am.
Perry.
I'm Emily Dodson.
Charlie's mother.
Offer you a cigarette.
Mrs. Dodson?
If you promise not
to tell my husband.
Wouldn't dream of it.
Thank you.
You were in the
war. weren't you?
The way you hold your cigarette.
Hiding the ember in your palm.
I guess I'm still trained not to
give them something to shoot at.
Was your husband over there?
Brother.
I haven't seen him
since we left Missouri.
I really wish they'd
let me clean in here.
All this fingerprint dust...
Can't help feeling that it...
reflects poorly on me somehow.
Oh. I don't think poorly of you.
God does.
That's why I'm being punished.
Do you have children. Mr. Perry?
It's Mason. Perry
is my first name.
I have a son.
What's his name?
Theodore.
Teddy.
How old?
Nine in February.
Charlie likes turtles.
Liked.
What's your boy fond of?
Firetrucks.
I bet.
Nine is a good age for a boy.
So...
I'm sorry.
Yeah. fine. he's a hothead.
but he's a little too
touchy if you ask me.
And her?
She was just sitting
downstairs the whole time?
She told the detectives
she gave the boy a bath.
put him to bed.
fell asleep by the fire
listening to the radio.
Actually. she puts
Charlie to bed.
goes downstairs to
clean up the kitchen.
goes back upstairs
to check on him
then goes downstairs
and falls asleep
listening to the radio.
She doesn't twitch an eyelid
while someone creeps into
her house and nabs her kid?
- You think she's a drinker?
- No. She's a mother.
Feeding. changing.
burping. screaming.
you wouldn't last a minute.
Is this something
you know about?
Call it an educated guess.
All right. You're the kidnapper.
you have to case that
house long enough to know
Matthew's hours
at the grocery store.
the time Emily gives
Charlie the bath.
then puts him down.
then falls asleep herself.
Unless you have
someone on the inside.
Oh. so you agree
with the police.
You think the Dodsons
had something to do with it.
- I'm not agreeing with anyone.
- I sure hope not.
I've stood with those two.
That's grief. not guilt.
I'm just pointing out
that someone knew
they were good
for a hundred grand.
How do you figure
that from a guy
who sells pickled
cucumbers and aftershaves?
It's queer from both sides.
And the baby.
Someone stood over Charlie
and stitched those eyes.
Yeah. it's a dark tone.
long. long. deep. dark tone.
Wipe it off. gentles.
We do what we're asked to do.
Well. that's easy
for you to say.
Detectives aren't gonna like
me over their shoulder on this.
And I got a license
that could get pulled.
So you don't want the job?
Did I say that?
Bring me a signature
and a check.
Cheer up.
Someone might
throw a shoe at you.
And you. get your hands
off my liquor and yourself
down to the Angel's
Flight in the morning.
Be my eyes. son.
Time and a half.
- It's New Year's Eve.
- Earn it.
Very good. papi.
I think she's jealous of me.
Did you bring some
more of that tequila?
It's called mescal.
And if you want some.
you better get it yourself.
I ain't your fucking help.
Either take them off or
put them back on. papi.
Make up your mind.
What are you in a rush for?
- I need sleep.
- Sleep here.
I sleep in my own bed.
I'll give you 6.000
for this dump.
Ha. ha! Six thousand and
she won't even sleep here.
It's a fair price.
It's a price.
It's a great fucking price.
You don't even have citrus.
You know I'm working this one.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
It's a big case.
You don't usually do the bigs.
I'm doing this one.
Six thousand five hundred.
Enjoy your bed.
I will.
And right there. in
that very window.
sat the boy's parents.
Watching. hoping.
tragically unaware...
that their tiny innocent was
already ascending to heaven
in the clutches of this demon.
This instrument of death.
Thank you. ma'am.
Happy New Year. sir.
Happy New Year!
Horror at Angel's Flight.
baby murdered.
read all about it.
Looking for something?
Close the blinds. Steve.
Maybe I couldn't see him so
good and shot him by accident.
Look. fellas. if
I... interrupted
some sort of tender
moment. I sincerely apologize.
Guy's a laugh riot.
Take it easy with that thing.
What the hell are you
doing here. Mason?
You gotta know something
stinks around Dodson
or else you wouldn't be here.
Get paid to look into
things. That's what I'm doing.
Hell with this. We
got him on a B&E.
Let's run him in.
torch his license.
- Get the fuck off me.
- Settle down.
Ease up. God damn it.
You got something
says Dodson's clean.
you'll be doing him a
favor by letting us know.
Tiny innocent was already
ascending to heaven.
Right after the Dodsons
found little Charlie dead.
a green phaeton goes
tearing up Hill Street.
clipped the trolley.
You think that's our kidnapper?
Where did you get
this phaeton shit?
Traffic cop working
the bottom of the flight.
He didn't think
anything of it at the time
because most cops are stupid.
Go check it out.
Your ape almost broke my camera.
My ape would've broke your jaw.
- Here.
- What's that?
For the car thing.
Save it for a
better sketch artist.
Man in hat? That
sure narrows it down.
What about the guy on the
phone or the one in the car?
Halfway to Rio is my guess.
Is that why you
like Dodson for it?
Got to arrest somebody.
So you tie him up in a bow
and put yourself up for promotion.
- That's tidy.
- Listen to you.
pissing on my five bucks
because some sap thinks
you can play cop?
I already got the entire
city standing on my neck.
So you enjoy the view
while you're up here
with the real police because
I'm gonna nail Dodson.
And when I do. you're
back on the bottom.
feeding off runaways
and cheaters.
Lock up when you leave.
Tragically unaware
their tiny innocent was
already ascending to heaven.
Mason here. any messages?
Mr. Strickland called. read me
three paragraphs of
something called Lipstick Girl.
I did not write them down.
Anything else?
Just Walt LeBaron.
Hammersmith Pictures requests
the honor of your presence
at his New Year's party.
Two tickets for you at the
door. business to discuss.
All right. Thanks. Irma.
Diane. God damn it.
Yeah. Yeah. I know.
We got five minutes and
you owe me four bucks.
You said two.
Two for him. two for me.
That's four.
Happy New Year.
It makes no difference
If it's sweet Or hot. hot. hot
Just give that rhythm
Everything you've got...
What the fuck am I doing here?
You're getting paid.
Looks like Groucho Marx.
Lovely ladies. kind
gentlemen. welcome.
1931 was gangbusters
for Hammersmith Pictures.
1932 is gonna be even better
because the brightest stars
in the sky live right here.
- Mr. Dusty Rogers...
- Oh. shit.
Hero of the prairies.
Shorter than I thought.
They must use really
small horses in the movies.
Ladies. how do you
like the continental...
Hey... What are you
gonna do with your 300?
I'm gonna get a
new pair of shoes.
Maybe some... Are
you listening to me?
I say something. then
you say something.
that's how conversation
works. Perry.
He's scaring the Jesus
out of me right now.
Mr. Petre Lupu.
I don't think you're getting
into the spirit of the thing.
I saw the kid. Pete.
The thread.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
If you should be
happening to be living
- next to Miss America.
- Yeah.
I call her the sweetest piece
of strudel I've ever seen.
I'll be back.
But you're gonna call her
Red. Miss Velma Fuller.
Just a little. right there.
I'm sorry. Clara. I
can't help myself.
Anyway. listen.
Happy New Year...
No champagne tonight?
Just the cash. Walt.
Can we do it this year?
Go see a Hammersmith
Picture. Thank you all.
Okay. Mason.
Okay. Let's get you paid.
You know what we have here?
Plenty of nothing?
Ten thousand square foot of it.
Why? Because I'm waiting
on a ten-million-dollar line
of credit from the Irving Trust.
I liked it better when
we were bandits
on the lam from the
picture patents company.
Let's see what you got.
With people starving
on breadlines.
The negatives?
They're somewhere safe.
Oh. okay.
Nice lighter.
Here's the thing...
we said 200.
Six hundred is fair.
because I can get that
from the teller. easy.
Let me tell you how I see it.
People are desperate
out there. Mason.
They're starving.
scared. hopeless.
And for one little nickel.
what do we give them?
The two hours in the dark.
singing. dancing.
laughter. tears. romance...
hope.
And here you come
on New Year's Eve
and what you wanna do
is take these poor
suffering people's hope away
- for 400 measly bucks?
- I can be flexible on the price.
It's not about the price.
It's the principle.
So...
200 like we agreed
minus...
199 for all the bullshit.
You need to think
about your actions.
You need to decide
what kind of person...
you wanna be.
And the negatives
when you have a chance.
Fuck.
You get it? Did you get the 600?
- There.
- The fuck is this. a dollar?
- I think I overplayed it.
- No. Christ.
- No. no. no.
- I'm sorry. Pete.
I got a family to feed.
And fuck you.
Relax. he'll be here.
He got a hot date. maybe?
Uh-oh. touched a nerve.
I'm starting to think
he doesn't like us.
Why are you still
wearing that hat?
Your picture's on
every front page in town.
It's a fedora.
One and half million
in Los Angeles.
It looks good on me.
None of this was
part of the plan.
So jump off a pier
and swim to Tahiti.
I'll take your share.
My share of what? A noose?
No one's getting strung out.
I should've run.
The second I saw
Charlie done like that.
His eyes. Jesus.
I should've run.
We all should have.
But we didn't. did we. killer?
Evening. gentlemen.
Sorry I'm late.
Bunch of drunk Sambos blocking
up the road singing and dancing.
Spooks were so fucking happy.
I didn't have the heart
to crack any skulls.
Let's get this over with.
No Auld Lang Syne?
Okay.
What the fuck?
They made the car.
Fuck. Fuck.
Mailman said it's a stamp short.
wants me to pay for it. I
said I'd love to pay for it
except my bum of an ex
hasn't sent me money a month.
Yeah. it's been tight. you know?
I haven't... I don't know
why the fuck I am
arguing with you about this.
just put him on the phone.
He's already in bed.
Well. then. wake him up.
I'm his... I'm his father.
I get to talk to my son
on New Year's Eve.
That was already last year.
It's New Year's Day.
Put him on the
fucking phone. Lin...
How long have you
been standing there?
Long enough to see you
make a jackass of yourself.
She hung up on me.
You never call the ex
on New Year's Eve. papi.
Hello. operator?
Could I get. a
long distance call?
City of Salinas.
Axminister 7-7181.
What the hell happened to you?
All right. Well. I
was just on that line.
it is... it is the number
of a heartless woman.
but there is nothing
wrong with her ears.
so keep it ringing.
You know. my second husband
tracked me down to Caracas. so.
I had to pull my
little.22 on him.
They only shot the pendejo in...
Just a little longer. please?
Do you... Do you
have kids. operator?
Do you have a heart?
No heart.
Listen...
I'm flying straight to Oaxaca.
Knocking back some mescal.
chewing on chapulines by sunset
next to someone dumb and
good-looking next to me. so...
I thought of you.
Love. romance. excitement? Hmm?
All of... All of
life's big thrills.
Maybe you can
get cleaned up first.
Everybody's up to something.
Everybody's got an
angle. hiding something.
And everybody is guilty.
Fuck.
They don't make
these things so good.
Poor papi.
There is a black
angel out there.
A big. big. black angel
with long fingers.
Fuck.
So you like turtles?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm